querier: limit remote read parallelism (#11892)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [FEATURE] OTLP: Add experimental support for promoting OTel scope metadata (name, version, schema URL, attributes) to metric labels, prefixed with `otel_scope_`. Enable via the `-distributor.otel-promote-scope-metadata` flag. #11795
* [ENHANCEMENT] Dashboards: Add "Influx write requests" row to Writes Dashboard. #11731
* [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: Make the maximum series limit for cardinality API requests configurable on a per-tenant basis with the `cardinality_analysis_max_results` option. #11456

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: Add configurable concurrency limit for remote read queries with `--querier.max-concurrent-remote-read-queries` flag (default: 2). Set to 0 for unlimited concurrency. #11892

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: Add configurable concurrency limit for remote read queries with the `--querier.max-concurrent-remote-read-queries` flag. Defaults to 2. Set to 0 for unlimited concurrency. #11892
```
